Allow ICNS save on all operating systems (#4526)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/handbook/image-file-formats.rst

ICNS
^^^^

Pillow reads and writes macOS ``.icns`` files.  By default, the
largest available icon is read, though you can override this by setting the
:py:attr:`~PIL.Image.Image.size` property before calling
:py:meth:`~PIL.Image.Image.load`.  The :py:meth:`~PIL.Image.Image.open` method
sets the following :py:attr:`~PIL.Image.Image.info` property:

.. note::

>     Prior to version 7.2.0, Pillow could only write ICNS files on macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Prior to version 8.1.0, Pillow could only write ICNS files on macOS.
```
